Yes, it's again that time of the year. That time where you have the opportunity to **become a speaker** of the DevFest Pisa 2020! **It's Call for paper time!** 🎤

As of today, we are happy to officially open our [call for talk submissions](http://bit.ly/dfpi20-c4p). If you are passionate about what you do and you have a story to tell to the tech audience in Italy, you knocked on the right door!

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.

<div style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://bit.ly/dfpi20-c4p" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content">
  <paper-button primary animated role="button" tabindex="0">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

## Session Formats

For this year we decided to accept different 3 types of submissions:

* **Tech Talks** - A space to deliver high-level technical content, tell us about your project or share your experience with the DevFest attendees.

* **Workshops** - A space to provide hands-on or deep-dive on specific technologies. Attendees will be restricted to a maximum number to provide a more comfortable workshop environment.

* **Soft Talk** - A space where you can talk about soft skills, diversity & inclusion, inspiration and whatever is _non-techy_ but you you want to share at our DevFest.

## Session Duration

As last year, we want to offer speakers the opportunity to decide how long they want to perform on stage. For this reason we are offering 4 duration choices:

* **40 minutes** - The classical session size. It allows you to deliver in depth session about your topic and engage with the audience at a deeper level.

* **20 minutes** - The shorter session size. It allows you to deliver content is a _lighter_ way without overloading the audience with so much content. 

* **10 minutes** - Suitable for **lightning talk**. This is the best choice if you're afraid of public speaking but you still want to be on stage to tell us your story.

* **1+ hour** - Suitable for Workshops only.


## Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](http://bit.ly/dfpi20-c4p).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

## Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

### Android
* New features in Android Q and beyond
* Kotlin (also Kotlin/Native, Multiplatform)
* Asyncronous Programming (RxJava, Coroutines)
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, MVI, Clean Architecture)
* Android Architecture Components
* Flutter (on Android/iOS and beyond)
* Mobile Performances
* Experimentation and User Acquisition

### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* AngularJS
* Polymer
* Service Workers

### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes
* Golang
* Google Cloud Platform

# Design
* Material Design
* Prototyping
* Accessibility 
* Diversity & Inclusion

# Tech
* Android Things/IoT platforms
* VR/AR
* Voice Interfaces
* Google Assistant
* Flutter
* Emerging Technologies and Challenges

<br/>

<div style="text-align: center;">
<a href="http://bit.ly/dfpi20-c4p" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content">
  <paper-button primary animated role="button" tabindex="0">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters as soon as possible.

Any questions? Email organizers at [pisagdg@gmail.com](mailto:pisagdg+devfest@gmail.com) or reach out on our social channels!

Looking forward to receiving your submission! 🎤